# System-Analysis-and-Design
# Briefly summarize the DriverPass project. Who was the client? What type of system did they want you to design?
DriverPass is a business with the goal of creating a system that will help students learn to drive. The owner at DriverPass noticed a void in the market for companies that will teach students how to drive and wanted to create a company that would do just that. The system will have the ability to take online classes, practice online tests, and request a reservation to have an instructor provide on-the-road training. Driver Pass’s online classes will teach students about driving laws, driving safety, and driving policies, while the practice tests will re-enforce the learning. A student will be able to request an on-the-road driving instructor that will teach them how to drive in real time. The student must first make a reservation online, from their DriverPass account. From there the DriverPass staff will be in contact with the students requesting the service. 
# What did you do particularly well?
The business requirements document was done particularly well. The business requirements document will cover the purpose of the system, the system background, objective and goals, non-function and function requirements and the user interface. There is a section in the document to input a schedule that will be useful in a real-world scenario, especially if a team is working on the document.
# If you could choose on epart of your work on these documents to revise, what would you pick? How would you improve it?
If I could choose one part of the document to revise, I would pick the system design document which houses the diagrams and technical requirements. Mostly the diagrams I would put more time into because each time I visited them I either found more information to add or I changed information that was already there. 
# How did you interpret the user's needs and implement them into your system design? Why is it so important to consider the user's needs when designing?
To interpret users’ needs we hosted an interview with the owner of the company and the owner’s IT officer. During the interview we asked about the system that the client wanted by asking about the requirements that the system needs to have. We also asked about certain parts of the system such as the reservations part and the tracking part (more complex parts). Then we recorded the information to put into documents such as the business requirements document and then the system design document. It is important to consider the user needs because the system is for them to use. Your development team was hired to design and build the system that they requested so it is very important to consider all the client’s needs and wants. 
# How do you approach designing software? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to analyze and design a system? 
I approach design software by first recording requirements and then creating a plan for the system. The plan might consist of creating different diagrams that will show different levels of detail for certain parts of the system. For example, a UML use case diagram will show the users of the system and how they interact with the said system. This strategy will allow the developer to present the idea to the client without having to explain the code. There are other diagrams that are useful too, such as UML class diagram, UML activity diagram and UML sequence diagram. All the diagram kinds will be useful at different times when you are presenting an idea or functionalities. Other forms of planning a design could intel more interviews with different users, pseudocode, checklists and researching the market, which are great techniques and strategies that can be used now and in the future.         
